Previously
on "Yu‐Gi‐Oh Arc‐V"!
You must be
from Duel Academy!
No, I'm swear I'm not!
I only unleashed my wrath
on Duel Academy
because of what
happened to my friends.
You turned them all
into cards!
You're going
to pay most dearly.
Let's duel!
Yuya, Kite is so angry that
he's not fighting for peace.
He's fighting
for revenge.
So it's impossible for you
to get through to him.
No!
There's always
a way!
I Xyz Summon...
Odd‐Eyes Rebellion
Dragon!
He's able to Xyz Summon?
And now...
Odd‐Eyes Rebellion Dragon attack
Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon!
Maybe with the two of us
working together,
we can make Kite
change his ways.
Let's go!
I Xyz Summon!
Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon!
Isn't that Yuto's?
Why do you have
that monster?
Why do I sense Yuto's here?
Stop the duel!
Yuya's
our friend.
How are you sure?
Because Yuya Sakaki
saved my skin
more times
than I can count.
Sakaki?
I'm much better being off
on my own!
♪♪♪
Not good.
If Kite's not
on our side,
we've got a whole new problem
to deal with.
♪♪♪
♪♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best
one day and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action ♪
♪♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪♪ If you'll
pay the price (whoo) ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
(breathing heavily)
You know, I thought
by counting these stairs
it would take my mind off
climbing 'em...
(exhausted grunt)
But who knew they haven't
invented a number that high yet?
Oh...
Don't stop,
we're almost there.
You see?
This is our base!
Now c'mon,
let's head inside!
I think intros
are in order.
I'll start first.
My name
is Alan.
And over there,
on soup duty is Saya.
She's also part
of the Resistance.
Here...
Hey, Saya!
You've worked like
three doubles in a row.
Take some time
for yourself and chill.
No...
I'm fine,
thanks.
All right,
but I'm starting to feel bad
that you're covering
all my shifts.
I really do feel awful
but I know how good it makes
her feel helping others.
How about I cover my breakfast
shift unless I sleep in?
Mm‐hmm.
See you at lunch.
Here you go.
(sighs)
She knows me too well.
I gotta say I'm pretty lucky
to have someone as my best bud
who loves helping people
more than I do.
She loves
helping people, does she?
Super!
I love being helped!
Would you be a dear
and let your friend know
I'd love a refill
on my tea?
(Gong)
Quiet!
Thank you.
Hey,
it's them...
That's the family that helped us
track the three of you down.
You must have put on
quite the performance.
The little guy said
it was the most amazing thing
he'd ever seen
and the mom
was talking about
how you were able
to make dueling fun again.
If only I'd been able
to get through to Kite
like I did
to them.
I wish he didn't run off.
We need him
on our side.
Do you think we'll ever get
through to him, Yuto?
It isn't going
to be easy...
But we cannot give up.
The resemblance
really is uncanny.
You know, I mean
between you and Yuto.
When I first saw you,
I thought you were him!
Uhh,
who's Yuto?
Some guy who supposedly
looks like Yuya,
but Gong can't even tell
the difference
between a yam
and a sweet potato.
You guys related
or something?
Not exactly,
no.
Uh‐huh...
I know you're in disguise,
Yuto.
That hair
is an obvious wig.
No!
I'm not him!
Come on,
you can tell me!
Stop this.
This is
Yuya Sakaki.
He's not Yuto,
all right?
Sakaki?
Then where's Yuto?
Shay, you and he went to
the Standard Dimension together.
He make a wrong turn
or something?
No.
The truth is...
Quiet.
If you tell 'em that my spirit
is inside your body,
they'll only think
you're crazy.
But...
The truth is
that Yuto is M. I. A.
When he was
in Yuya's Dimension,
he vanished.
Oh!
I thought it was Yuya's fault,
but who can blame me?
He had Yuto's most cherished
possession.
What did you do
with my best friend?
Where is he,
Yuya?
I'm not sure!
Don't play dumb!
I know you were involved
in his disappearance!
That much is clear!
Otherwise, try to explain
how you ended up
with Yuto's Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon in your deck!
You have it
all wrong!
I didn't steal
that card from him.
He handed it over
to me.
Yuto gave it to me!
Yuto must have
trusted you.
I can't believe he's gone
without a trace.
Still...
I feel like Yuto
is somehow with us.
(Shay)
He is here,
in spirit.
And since Yuto believed in Yuya,
I'm gonna trust him too,
to bring peace
to our dimension.
Thanks, Shay.
Shay...
Okay.
Well, I, for one, am glad
we got all that sorted out,
even though
we really didn't...
And I'm still as confused as
ever and maybe even more so.
Then let's talk
about something you do know.
Right...
How about
I tell you all about
those evil jerks
from Duel Academy?
And why we've been forced
to hide out like this here.
Yeah,
tell us!
(sighs)
It was awful.
They came out of nowhere
and destroyed everything.
No, please,
don't!
They turned everyone
into cards.
I wanted
to fight back,
but the best I could do
was hide from them,
and hope they wouldn't
find me.
I felt so helpless,
so scared, so worthless.
The few of us that are left
are hiding out here,
barely enough to mount
a resistance,
but you know what?
I'm gonna take the fight back
to them, someday.
That's a promise!
So that's
what happened.
If Yuto and I
had stayed,
maybe things
would've been different.
And that's why
Kite's so angry.
I can't blame him, after what
happened to his family.
Family?
Kite did his very best
to protect them...
But unfortunately,
he wasn't able to.
They were turned
into cards?
Yes.
(both)
So sad.
So that's why I can't get
through to him like Jack.
When I dueled Jack, it was
like we were on the same
side
working
for a common cause,
but that wasn't the case
for Kite.
You dare oppose me?
You must be
from Duel Academy!
And unless you beg
for forgiveness,
you're going
to pay most dearly.
(Yuya)
And he sure meant it.
He was so angry.
But anger doesn't solve
anything.
If he doesn't learn
that dueling's only
to have a good time,
well, there may never
be peace.
Man, my dad would know how to
get through to him in a snap.
I wish I did, too.
Say, uh...
You said your name
is Sakaki?
Yeah...
How come?
Wait, so...
Then are you related
to Yusho Sakaki?
You know
Yusho Sakaki?
You know my dad?
He's your dad?
No, that can't be...
He wore a top hat
and all you've got is goggles!
So you do know him!
You're my first lead
in like forever!
That's incredible.
How do people round these parts
know about Yuya's dad?
Who knows?
Unless...
He's been here!
Been here?
But of course.
After all,
Yusho Sakaki was our teacher.
Your teacher?
Yeah.
About three years ago,
he suddenly appeared
out of nowhere.
He taught us all sorts of
dueling tricks and tactics,
but the one
he stressed the most was
to always duel
with showmanship,
because when you put on
a good show,
you're showing
you're the best duelist
you can be!
Three years ago?
That's when...
He vanished
from my dimension
before the most important duel
in his life!
That proves it.
My dad wasn't
a coward!
He just went
to another dimension
to help you face
Duel Academy!
(Alan)
He is a coward!
'Cause when
it mattered most,
Yusho ran away
and left us here to rot!
♪♪♪
Oh, man...
Where am I?
Am I back home?
No,
guess not.
But then...
Where am I?
The last thing I remember...
(screaming)
Zuzu!
Yuya!
Yuya...
(boat whistle blows)
Bye!
Work hard!
I'll miss you!
I'll study hard!
Bye, Mom!
I'll miss you, Dad!
(woman)
I know you will,
sweetheart!
Make sure you listen
to all your teachers!
You're gonna be
a great duelist!
(man)
We believe in you!
Make us proud!
Guess all these kids
are heading off to Duel School.
But why by boat?
I'll tell ya!
'Cause they're going
to Duel Academy.
Say what?
Yeah!
Duel Academy
is located on an island
out in the middle
of the ocean.
And the only way to get there
is by taking a boat,
but you know that.
Everyone out here
does.
Everyone here
knows Duel Academy?
Then that
must mean...
I'm in
the Fusion Dimension!
Boy, those kids are so lucky
to be going to Duel Academy.
I can't wait until I finish
elementary school
and am old enough
to go there myself.
It'll be so cool!
So cool?
Don't you know
what Duel Academy is doing?
What do you mean?
They're training kids
to duel
so that they can go and invade
other dimensions.
It's horrible‐‐
(woman)
Time to go now,
honey.
But wasn't
that fun?
Now let's hurry on home
and study.
If you don't get straight "A+"s,
you'll be in Ra Yellow,
instead
of Obelisk Blue!
Sure,
sounds good, Mom.
Nice talking to you,
see you later!
How old are you,
missy?
Uh...
Well, I'm 14.
Something wrong?
Why aren't you in class
at Duel Academy right now?
And that's no school uniform
I've ever seen.
What's going on
here?
Uh,
long story.
Maybe this girl's
a dropout!
Totally.
I bet she snuck out
of Duel Academy on that ferry!
Hey!
Someone get
the duel guards!
Tell 'em we have
a traitor here!
Traitor?
You should be ashamed
of yourself!
Whoa...
Hold on,
it's not like that!
Hey!
She's right here!
Don't worry,
she's not going anywhere.
We'll make sure
of that!
Come here,
young lady.
Hey!
Come back here!
(guards)
Halt!
Of all the places to end up,
I end up in the lion's den!
There she is!
This way!
Hurry!
(panting)
(guard)
You can't run forever!
If they catch me, they'll
send me to Duel Academy
and right into the
Professor's hands.
(guard)
There she is!
Stop!
There's
no escape!
Come on,
open, open!
Give it up.
This is over!
Now just come along
with us...
We're sending you back
to Duel Academy.
And if you don't
resist,
I'm sure
they'll let you off
with only three months
of detention.
But if
you fight back...
Well, I don't want to know
what'll happen to you.
Fine
with me.
Let's do this!
(woman)
Stop!
If you want
to duel...
You'll duel me!
If you want to duel...
You...
Who?
Just leave this to me.
You're safe now.
I can't believe
it's her!
The Scourge
of Duel Academy!
The girl on the Professor's
Ten Most Wanted List!
We better
be careful!
But we have her
outnumbered!
Yeah,
still...
I like my chances!
Who is
this girl?
Let's duel!
Ladies first!
And I think I'll begin
with this...
Etoile Cyber,
come on out!
♪♪♪
Next I'll play a facedown...
And that's it!
Now
it's my draw!
And for my first move...
I summon...
a pooch...
with some power!
Armor Canine
Cannonboxer!
And now...
Due to its special ability,
I can summon another Armor
Canine from my hand...
And I'll choose one
that flies high!
You're clear for takeoff,
Armor Canine Bullcopter!
And since Bullcopter has been
successfully summoned,
I can now add...
Polymerization
to my hand!
This could be bad...
Could be bad?
Trust me,
there's no doubt about it...
I fuse Cannonboxer
and Bullcopter...
Into
a single mighty mongrel!
I'm putting a whole new spin
on the term...
Top dog!
Now watch as I...
Fusion Summon!
Here it is!
Man's best friend
but your worst enemy!
Full Armor Canine ‐
Bullfortress!
I think I'll give my pal here
a little more bark and bite!
By sending Polymerization
to my graveyard,
it gains
1,000 attack points!
3,000 attack points
already?
I'd love
to attack now,
but since this is technically
a battle royal,
I'll have to wait
one turn...
But after that, your life points
are Bullfortress's chew toy!
And now you'll deal
with me!
First I'll summon out
a Cannonboxer, too!
(howling)
Yeah, it's a dog, but I'm way
more of a copycat myself.
So I'm summoning
Bullcopter!
And now I'll use Bullcopter
to fetch me Polymerization!
And with Polymerization
I'll keep on copying...
And fuse my two Armor dogs
together...
I Fusion Summon!
Full Armor Canine
Bullfortress!
Where's a dogcatcher
when you need one?
This guy just summoned the exact
same ankle‐biter as his pal.
And just like him...
For every Fusion card
I send to the graveyard,
I can raise Bullfortress'
attack points by 1,000!
So, since I have two cards
that meet those requirements,
his new attack point total
is...
4,000.
Yes, and with that,
I end my turn.
My draw now!
They say that dogs like
to travel in packs...
So let's keep
the canines coming!
Go Cannonboxer!
And next up...
I'm calling on his floatin'
friend Bullcopter!
Then I'll use Bullcopter
to bring out Polymerization!
And with it I'll combine these
pugnacious pups to Fusion Summon
Full Armor Canine
Bullfortress!
You're kidding...
There's three
of them now?
Yep,
and I'm not done yet!
Power up time!
'Cause by sending these four
cards to the graveyard,
I can raise Bullfortress'
attack points by 4,000!
Whoa...
Talk about attack dogs!
(Zuzu)
And each one is stronger
than the last!
Okay, tough girl,
your move now.
But there's only one
smart move to make!
Yeah, and that's
to put your deck down
and beg us
for mercy!
Okay, tough girl,
your move now.
But there's only one
smart move to make!
Yeah, and that's
to put your deck down
and beg us
for mercy!
Beg for mercy?
(chuckling)
You guys really
don't know me.
I draw!
Now, first things first...
I'm playing the spell card
Machine Angel Ritual!
I tribute Etoile Cyber
that's on my field,
and Cyber Prima that's
in my hand, to Ritual Summon!
You may have
let the dogs out,
but I have unleashed something
truly ethereal.
Cyber Angel Vrash!
This girl
has some skills!
Wow, a level 10 monster
just like that, huh?
I've gotta admit,
that's impressive.
But you know what's not?
(scoffing)
The fact that she only has
a measly 3,000 attack points!
She's way
outmatched,
not to mention
way outnumbered as well!
Are you sure
about that?
Huh?
You see, when Cyber Angel Vrash
is successfully summoned,
all Fusion Monsters on your
field are instantly destroyed!
And then each of you take
1,000 points of damage!
Oh, no!
No fair!
Can she do that?
Yeah,
she can!
Attack with Angelic Fury!
Now Vrash is allowed
to wage one attack...
For each monster
that was destroyed...
And that makes three,
fellas!
So if I were you,
I'd brace for impact!
Let 'em have it,
Cyber Angel Vrash!
(all screaming)
Amazing.
Quick,
come with me.
All aboard!
This is
our ride.
Say, what's your
name anyway?
My name's Zuzu.
Zuzu Boyle.
And you are?
Call me Alexis.
Nice to meet you,
Alexis.
Same here!
Now what do you say,
Zuzu?
Are you coming?
You bet!
♪♪♪
It's okay.
Don't be afraid.
This is
a safe place.
A place for kids
like you.
Kids who escaped
from Duel Academy...
But I didn't
escape from...
I'm in to win!
Ha!
Where are we?
Welcome
to our duel school.
The You Show
Duel School.
You Show
Duel School?
And here's our dean.
(gasps)
What?
Mr. Sakaki?